README.md, before:

pseuCo to CCS Compiler
===============

Authors
-------
pseuCo Parser: [Sebastian Biewer](https://depend.cs.uni-saarland.de/~biewer/), Pascal Held

pseuCo to CCS Compiler: [Sebastian Biewer](https://depend.cs.uni-saarland.de/~biewer/)


License
-------
 
Copyright (c) 2013 - 2018  
[Saarland University](https://www.uni-saarland.de)  
[Dependable Systems and Software](https://depend.cs.uni-saarland.de)


This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.


Abstract
--------
This repository contains a CCS interpreter and a compiler for pseuCo that translates programs to CCS.

For more information see [pseuCo.com](https://pseuco.com).


Usage
-----
This code is a submodule of pseuCo.com and can only be tested within pseuCo.com. You can find the source code and information regarding  installation in [this repository](https://dgit.cs.uni-saarland.de/pseuco/concurrent-programming-web).


Credits
------
 * [CoffeeScript](http://coffeescript.org) A language that compiles into JavaScript
 * [jQuery](http://jquery.com/)
 * [PEG.js](http://pegjs.majda.cz) Parser generator

Commit message:

Note on outdated Github repository

README.md, after:

pseuCo to CCS Compiler
===============


Authors
-------
pseuCo Parser: [Sebastian Biewer](https://depend.cs.uni-saarland.de/~biewer/), Pascal Held

pseuCo to CCS Compiler: [Sebastian Biewer](https://depend.cs.uni-saarland.de/~biewer/)


License
-------
 
Copyright (c) 2013 - 2018  
[Saarland University](https://www.uni-saarland.de)  
[Dependable Systems and Software](https://depend.cs.uni-saarland.de)


This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.


Abstract
--------
This repository contains a CCS interpreter and a compiler for pseuCo that translates programs to CCS.

For more information see [pseuCo.com](https://pseuco.com).


Usage
-----
This code is a submodule of pseuCo.com and can only be tested within pseuCo.com. You can find the source code and information regarding  installation in [this repository](https://dgit.cs.uni-saarland.de/pseuco/concurrent-programming-web).


Repository
----------
The primary repository for this project is located at <https://dgit.cs.uni-saarland.de/pseuco/pseuco-ccs-compiler>. 

The GitHub version will be updated less regularly.


Credits
------
 * [CoffeeScript](http://coffeescript.org) A language that compiles into JavaScript
 * [jQuery](http://jquery.com/)
 * [PEG.js](http://pegjs.majda.cz) Parser generator
